So let's try to understand the project here.
So what I will do is let's start with the security config.
Now what we are trying to do is basically we want to verify the user from our database.
The data database which I'm using is Postgres.
So in our data table basically we have the id username and password.
The table name is users.
And to achieve that we have to change our authentication provider.
And we want to say that I want to connect to the database.
And to do that we have to use Dao authentication provider because Dao is your database access.
And then to achieve that we have to specify the user detail service.
Because if authentication provider wants to work it will ask you for the service class.
Now this service is a interface which is user detail service.
We have to implement it.
And the way we have implemented is by creating a class called My User Detail Service, which implements
the User Detail service in which you have only one method, which is load user by username.
But then since we the data is coming from database, we also need a user repo layer.
Now using this repo which has a method called find user by username.
And we are using JPA so we don't have to write the SQL queries.
What we are doing is we are firing a method, or we are calling a method which returns you the object
of user.
If the user is there, then of course you have to return the object of user.
But if the user is not there, we have to.
We have to throw an exception.
But question arises how will you return this user?
So we have to basically wrap this user object into a user principal for extra things like expiry and
all those stuff.
And to achieve that we have to implement the user details interface.
And we have done that in this class which is user principal.
Now user principal is a class which implements the user details and principal means current user.
And in this particular class we have multiple methods three methods for one for the authority, one
for username, one for password.
Apart from this, others are for your expiry, for your account and for your credentials.
And then, you know, basically just to give you a summary, when in a bank account, you get a notification
after every one month or three months that change your password.
That's how they basically set this up.
Okay.
So yeah, but then we have not done that.
So we have only focused on this three and we and all this thing basically you have your table and your
class which represents that which is your user class, which is an entity which has three columns.
Now, depending upon your number of columns in the table, this will change.
So if you have three columns you will have three properties.
If you have five columns, you will have five properties here which you want to map.
And that's how it is working.
Few other changes which you have made in the application properties.
We have specified the properties to connect with the Postgres.
If you have a different DBMs, you will change this.
And also in the XML file we have to mention two things the JPA repository and the data JPA.
And we have to mention the Postgres.
And by doing this the security is working.

Your application is secured with the help of database, but it's not completely secure because we are
still storing data in the plain text.
We have to change this.